[docs] Update old forums link to Discord forums (#24857)
expo/expo: docs/pages/debugging/runtime-issues.mdx

## Stuck?

> The Expo community and the React and React Native communities are great resources for help when you get stuck. There's a good chance someone else has run into the same error as you, so make sure to read the documentation, search the [forums](https://discord.gg/expo), [GitHub issues](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/), and [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
The Expo community and the React and React Native communities are great resources for help when you get stuck. There's a good chance someone else has run into the same error as you, so make sure to read the documentation, search the [forums](https://chat.expo.dev/), [GitHub issues](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/), and [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/).
```
